Add continental fragmentation statistics postprocessor (#7082)
geodynamics/aspect: doc/sphinx/parameters/Postprocess.md

&lsquo;composition velocity statistics&rsquo;: A postprocessor that computes the root mean square velocity over the area spanned by each compositional field (i.e. where the field values are larger or equal to 0.5.

> &lsquo;continental fragmentation statistics&rsquo;: Computes continent-specific diagnostics on the top surface from a user-defined set of compositional fields. Outputs continental area, continent perimeter, number of connected continental blocks, largest continental block area, largest-block fragmentation index, continental perimeter-to-area ratio, normalized perimeter fragmentation index, and average continental drift speed. Can also write per-face and per-block debug files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
&lsquo;continental fragmentation statistics&rsquo;: A postprocessor that computes continent-specific diagnostics on the top surface from a user-defined set of compositional fields. The outputs are continental area, continent perimeter, number of connected continental blocks, largest continental block area, largest-block fragmentation index, continental perimeter-to-area ratio, normalized perimeter fragmentation index, and average continental drift speed. The postprocessor can also write per-face and per-block debug files.
```

Reviewer: @Minerallo - Can you provide a bit more detail on what `write per-face and per-block debug files` refers to?

:name: parameters:Postprocess/Continental_20fragmentation_20statistics/Continent_20field_20names
**Default value:**

**Pattern:** [List of <[Anything]> of length 0...4294967295 (inclusive)]

**Documentation:** Comma-separated list of compositional field names that should be interpreted as continental material.
::::

::::{dropdown} __Parameter:__ {ref}`Continent threshold<parameters:Postprocess/Continental_20fragmentation_20statistics/Continent_20threshold>`
:name: parameters:Postprocess/Continental_20fragmentation_20statistics/Continent_20threshold
**Default value:** 0.5

**Pattern:** [Double 0...MAX_DOUBLE (inclusive)]

**Documentation:** A top-surface face is considered continental if the sum of the selected compositional fields exceeds this threshold.
::::

::::{dropdown} __Parameter:__ {ref}`Minimum block area<parameters:Postprocess/Continental_20fragmentation_20statistics/Minimum_20block_20area>`
:name: parameters:Postprocess/Continental_20fragmentation_20statistics/Minimum_20block_20area
**Default value:** 0.0

**Pattern:** [Double 0...MAX_DOUBLE (inclusive)]

> **Documentation:** Ignore connected continental blocks with area smaller than this value [m^2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Documentation:** Ignore connected continental blocks with area smaller than the user defined minimum block area [m^2].
```

::::

> ::::{dropdown} __Parameter:__ {ref}`Output file prefix<parameters:Postprocess/Continental_20fragmentation_20statistics/Output_20file_20prefix>`

Reviewer: Would it be worth just defining a standard name format for these files? No strong feelings either way.

:name: parameters:Postprocess/Continental_20fragmentation_20statistics/Output_20file_20prefix
**Default value:** continental_fragmentation_statistics

**Pattern:** [Anything]

**Documentation:** Prefix used for the diagnostic output file names.
::::

::::{dropdown} __Parameter:__ {ref}`Output verbose screen line<parameters:Postprocess/Continental_20fragmentation_20statistics/Output_20verbose_20screen_20line>`
:name: parameters:Postprocess/Continental_20fragmentation_20statistics/Output_20verbose_20screen_20line
**Default value:** true

**Pattern:** [Bool]

> **Documentation:** Whether to print a compact summary line to the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Documentation:** Whether to print the full (verbose) summary of the continental statistics postprocessor output to the log.txt file. The default option (true) will provide the full summary,
while selecting false will produce a compact summary.
```

::::

::::{dropdown} __Parameter:__ {ref}`Write block summary<parameters:Postprocess/Continental_20fragmentation_20statistics/Write_20block_20summary>`
:name: parameters:Postprocess/Continental_20fragmentation_20statistics/Write_20block_20summary
**Default value:** true

**Pattern:** [Bool]

> **Documentation:** Write a per-block diagnostic summary file.

Reviewer: Per a comment above, I'm entirely sure what `per-block` refers to in this case. Can you expand the documentation here to explain further?

::::

::::{dropdown} __Parameter:__ {ref}`Write surface map<parameters:Postprocess/Continental_20fragmentation_20statistics/Write_20surface_20map>`
:name: parameters:Postprocess/Continental_20fragmentation_20statistics/Write_20surface_20map
**Default value:** true

**Pattern:** [Bool]

> **Documentation:** Write a per-face diagnostic file for the top surface.

Reviewer: Similar to above, can you expand on what `per-face` refers to?
